# NumberComprehension

Uses text-to-speech and random number generation to help you practice number comprehension in a range of languages

As a language learner, I noticed that while I know all the words for numbers in my target language, decoding them and identifying the number in the context of natural spoken language is a real challenge.
I created this app to allow me to practice this skill in isolation whenever I want.

Text-to-speech is provided by the [gTTS](https://gtts.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) (Google-text-to-speech) library. 
Consequently, it supports any language that Google provides a text-to-speech model for, and only works while you are connected to the internet.

Please visit the [Release Page](https://github.com/sholt6/NumberComprehension/releases) to download the app for MacOS, Windows, or Debian.
However, none of these bundles are signed so may require a little advanced knowledge to install.

# Supported languages
The following languages are all supported by this app, in some cases with multiple accents/dialects.
Please note that while I have checked they all produce output, I do not understand most of these languages and cannot state with certainty that the output given by Google will be of use to a learner of said language.
It is assumed that you already know the language well enough to judge this for yourself and merely want to practice.

- Afrikaans
- Albanian
- Amharic
- Arabic
- Basque
- Bengali
- Bosnian
- Bulgarian
- Cantonese
- Catalan
- Chinese (China Mainland)
- Chinese (Taiwan)
- Croatian
- Czech
- Danish
- Dutch
- English (Australia)
- English (United Kingdom)
- English (United States)
- Estonian
- Filipino
- Finnish
- French (Canada)
- French (France)
- Galician
- German
- Greek
- Gujarati
- Hausa
- Hebrew
- Hindi
- Hungarian
- Icelandic
- Indonesian
- Italian
- Japanese
- Javanese
- Kannada
- Khmer
- Korean
- Latin
- Latvian
- Lithuanian
- Malay
- Malayalam
- Marathi
- Myanmar
- Nepali
- Norwegian
- Polish
- Portuguese (Brazil)
- Portuguese (Portugal)
- Punjabi
- Romanian
- Russian
- Serbian
- Sinhala
- Slovak
- Spanish (Mexico)
- Spanish (Spain)
- Sundanese
- Swahili
- Swedish
- Tamil
- Telugu
- Thai
- Turkish
- Ukrainian
- Urdu
- Vietnamese
- Welsh

# Briefcase details
This cross-platform app was generated by Briefcase, part of The BeeWare Project. If you want to see more tools like Briefcase, please consider becoming a financial member of BeeWare.

- [Briefcase](https://briefcase.readthedocs.io/)
- [The BeeWare Project](https://beeware.org/)
- [becoming a financial member of BeeWare](https://beeware.org/contributing/membership)
